Update README (#73)
oncokb/curation-platform: README.md

File is located under /app/data
```
{
    "curationLink": "legacy-api/",  // Your endpoints URL specifically designed for curation platform.
    "apiLink": "legacy-api/",   // Your endpoints URL.
    "internalPrivateApiLink": "api/private/",
    "privateApiLink": "api/private/",   // Endpoints are specifically designed to use internally.
    "publicApiLink": "api/v1/",
    "websocketApiLink": "api/websocket/",
    "testing": false,   // If the testing is set to ture, all endpoints will be disabled and will use the files from web/yo/app/data folder.
    "production": false,    // If the production is set to ture, all endpoints will be enabled and reviewed data will be updated to MySQL database.
    
    // Click "Settings" button in Dev Oncokb Curation Firebase Console and choose project settings. Under General tab you will find Firebase SDK snippet section which has this config
    "firebaseConfig": {  
        "apiKey": "",
        "authDomain": "",
        "databaseURL": "",
        "projectId": "",
        "storageBucket": "",
        "messagingSenderId": "",
        "appId": ""
    }
}
```

#### Tips

> It need to run with oncokb-core. If you run locally, endpoints URL needs to be modified based on the URL of oncokb-core.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It needs to be ran with oncokb-core. If you run locally, endpoint URLs need to be modified based on the URL of oncokb-core.
```

For example, if concokb-core runs at `http://localhost:8888/oncokb`, you should modify config as
```
    "curationLink": "http://localhost:8888/oncokb/legacy-api/",  
    "apiLink": "http://localhost:8888/oncokb/legacy-api/",   
    "internalPrivateApiLink": "http://localhost:8888/oncokb/api/private/",
    "privateApiLink": "http://localhost:8888/oncokb/api/private/",
    "publicApiLink": "http://localhost:8888/oncokb/api/v1/",

>     "websocketApiLink": "http://localhost:8888/oncokb/api/websocket/",

Reviewer: websocket does not allow http protocols

>     "websocketApiLink": "http://localhost:8888/oncokb/api/websocket/",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "websocketApiLink": "localhost:8888/oncokb/api/websocket/",
```
